{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-BoldItalic;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green0\blue85;\red0\green0\blue192;\red42\green0\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh13740\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Lab 1 Worksheet\
\
Answer the following questions by modifying this text file. Add your answer below each question.\
\
1. Where is the assertEquals method defined? What does it do? Can we use assertEquals for more than just int types? (Hint: Consult the API for JUnit)\
- It is defined inside java.org.junit.Assert class library.\
- it checks whether the values of two parameters passed in are equal. If they are equal then nothing happens, if not, then the method throws an AssertionError. \
- Yes, it takes primitive data type, object data type, and array of both primitive and object data type\
\
\
2. Briefly describe what each of the three tests is checking.\
- the first test is checking when we pass in an empty array, whether it returns -1\
- the second test is checking when all elements of an array are equal, whether it returns 0\
- the third test is checking when we have an random array, whether it gives us the correct answer\
\
\
3. Why is our unimplemented findSmallestDiff method passing one of the tests?\
- because the when all elements of an array are all equal, it returns 0; our unimplemented method returns 0 as well\
\
\
4. Why are we failing the third test? How should our method be modified to correct this?\
- because we didn\'92t take the absolute value as the smallest differences. We should take the absolute value \
\
\
5. What is the appropriate call to assertEquals for your new test (test 4)?\
- I created an array of all negative integer to ensure that the findSmallesMethod indeed returns the abs of differences. \
\
\
6. Provide one more test (test 5) for the findSmallestDiff method. Briefly describe your test and write the call to assertEquals here.\
- test a big size array\
- I created an array of size 10000 using a for loop, the expected result for the assertEqual is one.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 public
\f2\b0 \cf0  
\f1\b \cf2 void
\f2\b0 \cf0  bigNegativeArrayElements() \{\
		System.
\f3\i\b \cf3 out
\f2\i0\b0 \cf0 .println(\cf4 "arr5 is "\cf0  + DiffUtil.
\f4\i findSmallestDiff
\f2\i0 (\cf3 arr5\cf0 ));\
		  
\f4\i assertEquals
\f2\i0 (1, DiffUtil.
\f4\i findSmallestDiff
\f2\i0 (\cf3 arr5\cf0 ));\
		\}
\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
7. Briefly describe your unit tests for Assignment 1.\
\
}